In this exercise, you're going to count the number of
requests and the total amount of data being transferred over the wire.
To help you accomplish this,
you're going to use one of the most valuable tools of a web developer, Dev Tools.
All of the big browsers have their own form of developer tools with similar features.
For simplicity's sake, we're going to use Chrome's Dev Tools.
To open up Dev Tools,
go to the menu, down to more tools,
and choose developer tools,
or just press command option I on Mac,
or control shift I on windows.
Then switch to the Network tab.
The binary for this server is in the download section below.
So, launch it, go to the you URL it provides,
and you should see the same page.
As the page is loading,
you can see all of the requests being fired off.
Take a look at the requests to see the different headers and the responses.
So, count the number of requests and the total amount of data
in kilobytes being transferred over the wire and enter them here.
One quick note, to avoid incorrect results from plugins, extensions,
and the browser caching the results,
make sure to run this in an incognito window and make sure disable cache is selected.